---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Affordable and transparent pricing that means you only pay for what you need.
datePublished: '2015-12-13T16:04:18.575Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-13T16:04:13.956Z'
title: Pricing
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-13-grow.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: grow/index.html
_type: Article

---
# Pricing

Affordable and transparent pricing that means you only pay for what you need. We offer standard packages to get you started:

# Grow

Perfect for small startups or individual departments on tight budgets.

* 10 users
* 10k records
* 10 tables
* 10GB storage

£450 per month

# Change

Ideal for companies who need to support existing systems while they plan for future change.

* 25 users
* 250k records
* 25 tables
* 25GB storage

£750 per month

# Evolve

A larger package for established businesses that are still growing or evolving.

Deal with multi-company setups, additional capacity and API usage (integrations with other software)

See below for a breakdown and [contact us for details][0]

£POA

# Additional Capacity

agileBase is all about flexibility. If your use doesn't fit into one of the standard packages, we can customise it.

Each of the four areas (users, records, tables, or data storage), can be expanded individually to the limit of the next package, for a fixed price of £100/month.

null

Our pricing structure shows the 'core' platform charge, along with per-user (depending on type of user) and subsidary charges based on usage. Please contact our sales team for some examples and details of how you can cost-effectively build your applications and data on the agileBase platform. 

[][0]

[0]: http://www.agilebase.co.uk/contact.html